revise doc guide toc (#540)
writethedocs/www: docs/guide/contributing.rst

What we expect from you, and what you can expect from us
--------------------------------------------------------

We encourage contributions from experienced folks and from newcomers, whether you're new to documentation, to software, to GitHub, or to Write the Docs. We expect you to respect the effort that's gone into whatever the current state of the guide might be, and we'll treat your contributions with respect in turn.

Keep your tone friendly and encouraging. It's a good way to write docs in general, so practice with docs about docs!

Link liberally to resources that you find useful, but make sure to provide appropriate attribution. And make sure to add something about how or why you find them useful.

For anyone new to GitHub and Git
--------------------------------

If you've never worked with Git and GitHub before, try these resources:

> [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github) is a great resource to help you get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub <https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github>`_ is a great resource to help you get started.
```

For small changes, you can submit issues, which you can do in the GitHub interface, but for anything larger you'll probably want to learn how to fork and branch, how to work locally (although you can do most things in the GitHub interface in your branch), and how to keep your fork in sync with the main repository.

If you really don't want to deal with GitHub at all, we'll take attachments or inline text emailed to guide@writethedocs.org. But we'd like to encourage you to learn some of the basic tools that we use.

Markup
------

Some of the current files in the guide are written in Markdown, and some are written in reStructured Text (rST). Either one is acceptable, although we'd prefer rST.

> # Community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community
----------------
```

For help, questions, or discussion, the Write the Docs community is available here:

> * [Slack](https://writethedocs.slack.com/)

Reviewer 2: This is still in markdown

> * [Slack](https://writethedocs.slack.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Slack <http://slack.writethedocs.com/>`_
```

> * [Write the Docs forum](http://forum.writethedocs.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Forum <http://forum.writethedocs.org/>`_
```

> You can also check out [the main website](http://www.writethedocs.org/meetups/) for a list of local meetups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also check out our `local meetups <http://www.writethedocs.org/meetups>`_.
```
